DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"The Brawlers' Last Stand!\"
FROSCH: Vestroia is collapsing...
CLAYF: But sadly, we sacrificed ourselves to protect it.
And for what?
EXEDRA: Is there nothing we can do?
LARS LION: Not from here in the Doom Dimension.
OBERUS: We must find someone to save Vestroia
before it's annihilated!
APOLLONIR: We need six new brave soldiers!
[scream]
No!
This cannot be happening!
There is no escape from the Doom Dimension!
[\u266a]
[GASP]
How could this have happened to me?
[EVIL LAUGH]
Welcome to my world, Drago!
Reaper!
My goodness, I never expected to see you here, friend!
But now that you've arrived, don't expect
any special treatment!
I'm trapped!
Drago...
I must be hearing things...
DAN: Drago!!
What? No! It can't be!
Drago!
Dan!
D-Drago!
Daniel!
Draagggooo!
How are you feeling.
Hydranoid?
Never more ready to battle!
And feeling stronger every minute!
My little plan, is working to perfection
since I've defeated my 'teammates' ...Not to mention
that mindless moron Daniel and his pathetic
pesky pet Drago.
Now let's see who shall be our next victim...
Ah yes.
Just as I suspected...
Shun Kazami!
And his Ventus Skyress!
So honey, what exotic locale did our young son
fly off to this time?
Well. let me think.
Last month Dan jetted off to visit his Bakugan
friend Joe in Kearcity.
I just adore Kearcity, especially in the spring.
It's so pretty...
Lucky kid.
When I was his age I'd never been anywhere.
'Cept a school tour of a morgue.
Well, off to work...
Love ya, hon!
Ditto, dear.
That reminds me.
He said he was going to call...
Here mom...
I got you a little somethin' for your birthday.
You're right.
I-I forgot...
Bye.
I'll call ya, mom!
Dan...
Drago!
Dan!
Draggggggoooooooo! No!
Good morning, Shun.
Hey Skyress.
Man, that was some nightmare...
Well, you're safe and sound in Marucho's house.
Good morning, sir.
Excuse me.
but your breakfast is ready in the main dining hall.
Thanks Kato.
What's this?
It's a note.
from Masquerade.
Meet me at...
the abandoned factory at four o'clock.
Shun! No!
Skyress!
You've got to do me a big favor!
Sure, Shun, anything...
RUNO'S MOTHER: Runo! Get up, it's late!
Eat your breakfast and come down to work!
Your father's waiting!
Good morning, Alice.
What's wrong, your watch broken?
Oh and...
What exactly's going on between you and Runo?
Oh... well um.
Yes, we're open!
Good morning...
Ah.
And a good morning to you, Mrs. Kuso!
I was...
wondering if Runo was here?
So you...
wanted to talk to me?
It's Dan.
He hasn't been home since yesterday.
I thought you might know where he is, Runo.
No.
no clue...
Does this have something to do with Bakugan?
Well, does it?
Well... I'm... not...
That's all he ever talks about.
Either he's off playing or online chatting away
about the game.
Daniel! Did you wash up? Lunch is ready!
Come and get it!
Yeah, yeah, I heard ya!
But I gotta go out!
Catch ya later, mom!
Where are you going?
Are you home for dinner?
Ahhh...
Kids these days.
Hmph!
Oh no, what a disaster!
Well, better get started.
What's this?
Must be some kind of new toy...
So this is a Bakugan Ball... interesting.
My goodness.
Dan must be here somewhere.
Marucho! Wait!
Sorry Mrs. Kuso, but I'm in a hurry!
Oh thanks for waiting, you guys,
but I finally finished them!
THINKING: That's my Daniel!
Sweet!
Awesome lookin' Bakugan Launcher!
Bakugan?
Ah man.
Totally wicked!
Awesome job, Marucho!
Hey, no fair!
Do I get one or don't I rank?
Have no fear, Runo,
I've constructed a model just for you!
At the time I thought it was just a silly kid's game,
so I gave Dan his space.
DAN: Ya really gotta stop worryin', Drago.
We both know Wyvern has the Infinity Core
and now all we have to do is wait
for the other's Bakugan to evolve.
Who's he talking to?
Yeah, it's only gonna get tougher from now on.
So we'd better rest up before our next few battles
'cause we need to save up our energy...
You know what I'm sayin', Drago?
I actually saw him talking to his Bakugan...
What are Bakugan?
Um. Well. they're um...
Please tell me.
is it more than just a game?
Well it's... it's kinda... like this.
I'm sorry, I can't!
Runo!
[CRYING]
Now I'm worried...
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers coming up
after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Why so glum, chum?
Turn that frown upside down!
Look on the bright side, we've got each other,
don't we?
Well, don't we?
I don't believe now is the time for a pep talk,
Preyas...
We must remain focused...
Oh my.
what's wrong?
Is breakfast not up to snuff?
Bacon too crisp, eggs too runny?
No Kato, everything's fine.
It's just that we've got a lot on our minds,
that's all...
It's not you...
Don't worry.
I'm not much of a cook.
By the way Master Marucho, Alice and Runo are here.
You made it!
So, do you have any good news for us? Huh?
RUNO: Is it true what they say?
Is my darling Dan trapped in the Doom Dimension forever?
MARUCHO: Yes...
and unfortunately by my calculations...
there's nothing any of us can do.
I suggest we confide our dilemma
to a responsible adult.
Yeah, but what would we say?
Excuse me, but one of our friends was playing Bakugan
when he was suddenly sucked into the Doom Dimension.
I'm just guessing, but no matter who we told,
they would think we were nuts.
Yes, point well taken, Joe.
We must!
Yes!
Listen.
Dan's mom stopped by the restaurant this morning
and she said she had to talk to Runo.
She was asking...
whether Bakugan was just a game.
Everyone! Everyone!
Follow me!
Ohhhh, this sounds delish!
I just love surprises!
Oh, this had better be good, sister.
I hate water!
If I get wet, I'll break out in a horrible rash!
It's called 'rust', Preyas.
Now let's hear what Skyress has to say.
Go ahead, we're all ears.
Thank you.
I called you here to tell you,
Shun received a challenge from Masquerade to battle.
Are you serious?
This is big news!
Shouldn't everyone hear this?
I'm not so sure...
Skyress.
You've gotta to do me a big favor!
Yes...
I need you to lose...
against Masquerade!
What are you saying?
I have to get to the Doom Dimension
and bring Dan back!
Shun said just he and I must go.
And he said I shouldn't breath a word of this
to anyone.
I can't believe Shun would do that!
That's nuts!
Shun is starting to make me look like I'm the normal one!
Scary!
He says it's our only hope to save Dan.
But I'm worried we've already allowed the humans
to get too involved in our dilemma.
You're right, Skyress.
This is our problem.
It started when Naga destroyed the balance
of power in Vestroia.
It is our world that's on the verge of destruction.
The humans must be spared.
Ah nuts.
It's up to us to save Dan!
ALL: Agreed...
Skyress!
Where'd Tigrerra go?
Yes, and where's my Preyas?
Gorem?
Where's Gorem gone?
Well they....
all left the room a couple of minutes ago.
Actually they all waddled out.
But I wonder why?
THINKING: It's almost four o'clock...
That leaves less than two hours before I'm supposed to
meet up with Masquerade...
Is there something... wrong?
No, nothing.
But we better find our Bakugan!
No! Wait!
What are you hiding?
KATO: What precisely is going on here?
It appears someone has stolen your other roller skate,
Master Marucho.
Whooohooooo!
Sick ride, dudes!
Kickin' it old school on grandma's gnarly deck!
Do you know the Legend
of the Six Soldiers of Vestroia?
No!
So fill me in, Slim!
A long time ago, when Vestroia was on the verge of destruction,
these legendary soldiers put themselves on the line
to save it!
You're not saying what I think you're saying,
are you?
Their sacrifice will never be forgotten!
Now it's our turn to save Vestroia!
It's our duty, Preyas!
Hey! I never signed up for this gig!
Ahhh!
I'm not feeling so good...
[SCREAMING]
You know, I just can't believe you, Shun!
Not telling anyone about your note from Masquerade?
We're all supposed to be work as a team
and you're a part of it!
Back off...
'Cuse me?
You're not so cool!
Found them!
They're right over here in the grass!
Ohhhh, did someone get the number of that bus?
Runo my lady!
How nice to see you...
Sorry for making you worry...
What were you thinking, Tigrerra?
Don't do that again!
Of course, however we don't want to be a burden on you
and your friends.
This is our battle and we want...
Stop it!
As you wish...
We're in this together, you have to remember that, okay?
I shall...
Oh Gorem...
never run away like that ever again!
Ok?
Now you listen.
best friends always stick together!
And that goes for you as well.
Shun!
That goes double for me!
If anyone is going to go save Dan...
we're going to go as a team!
Okay but...
There's a real good chance we will never come back.
Shun!
Cut the drama, would you?
We have to be positive about this!
What'd you say?
I believe we at least give it a try!
You sure?
We're all sure!
Okay, I'm in.
Alright guys.
Fifty minutes to meet up with Masquerade.
Oh, that doesn't give us much time, does it?
JULIE: Hi mom!
Just called to say everything's cool...
You should see Marucho's apartment.
It's sick!
Oh and I'm going to be staying a little longer...
Is that cool with you?
Well, is it mom?
Is it?
I, I promise I'll call everyday?
SHUN: It's nice to hear your voice too, grandpa.
Everything's fine.
And I promise I'll pick up some denture adhesive for you.
I'll see ya later.
Mother, father, thank you for letting my friends stay over,
that was very nice.
But... we need to take a little trip...
Do be careful.
Thanks.
I must be on my way.
Oh and remember, Marucho.
Bring clean underwear!
Excuse me.
If you require assistance on your journey,
I would pleased to accompany you.
Thanks.
But this time I'll be using public transportation,
like regular people.
But sir!
I'm fine, alright?
Yes, I understand, sir...
I bid you a pleasant and safe journey, young master.
You're going on another trip?
But why?
Well I've...
I've got to help a friend out.
But you don't have to worry, because I'll stay behind
and help out here!
Well, I've gotta run.
Catch ya later!
Are you sure you don't need me?
I really want to come with you guys.
No Alice.
Stay here and help.
So... gotta go...
Look after my parents while I'm gone, okay Alice?
T-This is all my grandfather's fault!
I wish you weren't Hal G!
I wish this never happened!
Hello?
Yes, this is Dan's mom...
Just wanted to say Dan will be home soon.
Where is he?
I wish I could tell you that now, but I can't.
Just don't you worry, okay?
Would you stop playing games, Runo?
Runo!
Come back!
I am Masquerade!
And I'm Shun!
Hmph!
Well Shun, I don't remembering inviting
your little friends to our rendezvous...
For your information we're a team!
And we don't need no stinkin' invitation,
Masquerade!
Get over yourself!
And if you want to play, you play the Brawlers!
So now's the time for you to either put up or shut up!
Hmph.
I'm sure this is where Runo called from.
At least I think so...
You do realize that if I defeat all four of you,
my Hydranoid's power will go right off the charts.
So are you in...
or are you out?
Are you ready to play?
Yeah, let's do this!
Hang in there, Dan, we're coming for you!
Runo!
Field Open!
What's... What's going on?
Hey. excuse me.
Where did everyone go?
Doom Dimension.
Please Runo.
Bring Dan back safe and sound.
The Doom Dimension.
I have never seen such a place...
Creepy.
very creepy...
Yes.
I have never seen any place looks so desolate...
This dimension has a putrid odor...
Never mind the smell.
Gosh.
We've got to find my Dan and quick!
Our best chance of finding him is to search from the air.
Right!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
I can't believe these fools have entered
the Doom Dimension voluntarily!
But didn't they come to save one of their own?
Well personally, I admire their courage.
And I scoff at their sheer stupidity.
Scoff if you will, Clayf,
but I suggest we get them to help us in this place.
Yes, a good idea indeed!
I recommend you rethink that suggestion.
Can we really trust these humans for such a grand task?
Not to mention their Bakugan have not yet evolved
and are weak.
Something tells me that they have great potential.
Here's a thought.
We should test them!
Hmm... Yes!
An excellent idea!
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am Gorem, Bakugan to Julie.
On the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers
you will find us in the Doom Dimension on our quest
to find Dan and Drago and return them to the human world.
But first, the Brawlers must be tested.
And first up is Julie.
She must use her patience and skills to pass
or she may find herself in the Doom Dimension for an eternity!
That's coming up on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!